Lawyer, how is the matter I asked you to handle?
I have already contacted Mo Yang and am waiting for the Lin family to enter the game.
Mu Yang, after the Mo family was divided into father and sister by war,
This Mo Yang has never been able to talk about in the Lin family.
Now if you give him an order worth one billion,
He affirmed several cases,
The head of the Quan Lin family signed the contract,
Mo Yang is big, bring it up,
What? You mean,
Travelers in Beijing want to cooperate with our Lin family.
Who gets the moon? Today I went to Beijing in person,
It’s not a long conversation with a traveler, that’s great,
Our Lin family has been suppressed by the Zhan family in recent years.
Now I can finally separate myself.
The cloth economy of cooperation is the actual order
He is also a wealthy and powerful person.
The beginning of any of our zero homes
Why would Yujia suddenly want to cooperate with us? Otherwise
It’s better not to force this cooperation first.
It must be treated as if you didn’t insist on occupying the stage
We cooperated with zero companies and were beaten down by war prices
Finally got a chance to happen
You have clear enough quality
Don't be angry at your daughter.
This is your shortcoming
Yu Jiahao is also one of the four major families of Shangjin.
Others like them
Isn't it impossible for a small family like ours to have nothing to do with us?
I'm talking too much
Excuse me
Okay, okay, Muya
Where is the core book for this project?